Yu Hao
I am I am Wen Hao
Who is Yu Hao?
It's really miserable.
Treating burns in this way can better relieve pain
No, not him.
Hey
Gu Yuhao, are you going to keep it from Lin Xi?
I don't deserve it.
I just want him to be happy now
If it weren't for the mission back then
Yu Hao will not pretend to betray Lin Xi
How could you marry that beast Chu Minghua?
You really look like a friend I used to know.
Oh, by the way, we also checked Wei Xiaonian.
He used to only go to wealthy families for a writer's certificate
In order to seduce the male owner of a rich family
But every time I get caught by the main house
That's why I keep changing fake identities to find my next home
I'm so stupid
Everything is in time
Wen Hao and I will always help you.
I now want to know what is the weakness I miss the most
Ok I'll check it out